Add `cxwx/shadowMyName.nvim` (#2380)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [3ZsForInsomnia/pacer.nvim](https://github.com/3ZsForInsomnia/pacer.nvim) - Creates a reading pacer by highlighting one word at a time and dimming all text outside the current paragraph-and-some to help you read faster.
- [wsdjeg/cpicker.nvim](https://github.com/wsdjeg/cpicker.nvim) - A lightweight color palette plugin that supports a wide range of color models.
- [leolaurindo/tunnelvision.nvim](https://github.com/leolaurindo/tunnelvision.nvim) - Focus on one symbol at a time by dimming unrelated lines.

> - [cxwx/shadowMyName.nvim](https://github.com/cxwx/shadowMyName.nvim) - Shadow username in Neovim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [cxwx/shadowMyName.nvim](https://github.com/cxwx/shadowMyName.nvim) - Redact sensitive words such as your username, tokens, phone numbers and more when recording your screen.
```
